# How do we update our state?


React는 render function을 refresh 하지 않는다.

that's why this doesn't work

```
add =() => {
    this.state.count = 1;
}

render() {
    return (
      <div>
        <h1>The number is {this.state.count}</h1>
        <button onClick={this.add}>ADD</button>
        <button onClick={this.minus}>MINUS</button>
      </div>
    );
  }
```

이 말의 이미는 매번, state의 상태를 변경할 때,
react가 render function을 호출해서
바꿔주길 원한다는 말이다.

만약 우리가 setState function을 호출하면, react는 똑똑해서, 우리가 언제
setState를 호출할 지를 알고 또한, 내가 view를 refresh하길 원하는 것을 알고
render function을 refresh하길 원하는 걸 안다.

i also want to refresh my view, i also want to refresh the render function

I want to change my state as well.


setState will take new State.
State is an object. it should given new object

```
add =() => {
 this.setState({ count: 1 })
}

render() {
    return (
      <div>
        <h1>The number is {this.state.count}</h1>
        <button onClick={this.add}>ADD</button>
        <button onClick={this.minus}>MINUS</button>
      </div>
    );
  }
```

React is super smart.
*SetState order*
1. when you call setState, 
2. React will refresh State and then
3. Call render function one more time with new State

React is repainting everything. React is super fast that it doesn't even blink.

if we dont' use setState(), 
the render function is not going to be called with new State


```
add =() => {
 this.setState({ count: this.state.count + 1  })
}
minus =() => {
 this.setState({ count: this.state.count - 1  })
}

render() {
    return (
      <div>
        <h1>The number is {this.state.count}</h1>
        <button onClick={this.add}>ADD</button>
        <button onClick={this.minus}>MINUS</button>
      </div>
    );
  }
```
this is not really recommended because we don't want to depend on state
that's why there's performance issues later.


```
add =() => {
 this.setState(prev => ({ count: prev.count + 1  }) )
}
```
prev(current) is an argument for the this.setState() function. 
prev(current) represents the prev(current) state.

React is just smart 
so they allow us to get the prev(current) state from setState()
in a functino way.
this.state.count로 하는 대신 우리는 prev 가지고 와서, prev.count로 설정해준다.

이것이 state를 set할 때, react 외부의 상태에 의존하지 않는 가장 좋은 방법이다.

I recommend 
```
this.setState(prev => ({ count: prev.count + 1 }))

or 

this.setState(prev => ({ count: ++prev.count }));

```   
because it's 100% sure that you're gonna get the prev(current) state.

If you do
 ```
 this.setState({ count: this.state.count +1 })
 ```    

'this.state' might be out of sync because of many many updates happening so you can't trust the 'this.state.count' to hold the prev(current) value correctly.


##### 
EVERY TIME, you call setState(), React is going to re-render with the *new STATE*

this.setState triggers re-render.
NEVER, ever, ever change state directly.
Always do setState.

setState refreshes the Component.

####
when you call this.setState with a function,
React will put the current state on the first argument. 
It does not matter what you name it.