API ideas:       
[https://public-apis.xyz/](https://public-apis.xyz/)        
[https://play.elevatorsaga.com/](https://play.elevatorsaga.com/)

- Every API is different, but once you read through the documentation, their underlying principles are the same


### Application Programming Interface

- A messenger that takes the request and tells the system what to do.
- It allows strangers to speak to each other so that we aren't in a closed system.
- We can share data and work with each other
- APIS' what allows machines, computers to communicate.
- It's a broad topic.
- It applies to the way machines to communicate.

`ex) window.fetch() given by the browser to use so that I can communicate with the machine`


### ex Sky Scanner

- Aggregator Web Site

    - Computing a website or program that collects related items of content and displays them or links to them.

- The information is somewhere in the database of each individual airline.
- How is  Sky Scanner able to display datas without having this information themselves?
- It doesn't have access to the database of all the Airlines.
- All the airlines use APIs or give access to the information through APIs.
- With APIs, Sky Scanner can have the information as well and listed on their websites.

`The best way to think about is kind of like a waiter.`

`You are sitting at a table about to order and the waiter is the messenger` 

`The waiter tells the kitchen what to do`
```
The kitchen is providing the waiter the restaurant. 

The restaurant is saying "Hey waiter, these are the menu items. Please go ask the customer what he or she wants and let us know so that we can prepare.

We(Browser) are asking another machine(Server) for something using let's say a waiter(API)

and this machine gives us a response (from Server)
```

- A Server has APIs ways they can communicate with it.

   ex) fetch('/users')

`Another example is React`

`Facebook tells us HOW to communicate with it(APIs) and we are able to communicate with it.`

- It's a way that people communicate or machines communicate and share information
- Without it, we really wouldn't have what we have now with World Wide Web
- incorporate payments into your website, read API documentation